If I had a dollar for every time my dog made me smile, I would be a millionaire. - Unknown
Dogs do speak, but only to those who know how to listen. - Orhan Pamuk

I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs, but I trust a dog when it doesn't like a person. - Bill Murray

If the kindest souls were rewarded with the longest lives, dogs would outlive us all. - Unknown

Dogs have a way of finding the people who need them, and filling an emptiness we didn’t even know we had. - Thom Jones

No one can fully understand the meaning of love unless he’s owned a dog. A dog can show you more honest affection with a flick of his tail than a man can gather through a lifetime of handshakes. - Gene Hill

Those who teach humanity aren't always human. - Donald Hicks

The greatest fear dogs know is the fear that you will not come back when you go out the door without them.  - Stanley Coren

There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. - Ben Williams

The bond with a true dog is as lasting as the ties of this earth will ever be. - Konrad Lorenz

Saving one dog will not change the world, but surely for that one dog, the world will change forever. - Unknown

Before you get a dog, you can’t quite imagine what living with one might be like; afterward, you can’t imagine living any other way. - Caroline Knapp

I think dogs are the most amazing creatures. They give unconditional love. For me they are the role model for being alive.  - Gilda Radner

Whoever said diamonds are a girl's best friend never had a dog. - Unknown

Happiness is a warm puppy.  - Charles M. Schulz

I have found that when you are deeply troubled, there are things you get from the silent devoted companionship of a dog that you can get from no other source.  - Doris Day

The one absolutely unselfish friend that man can have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him, the one that never proves ungrateful or treacherous, is his dog. - George Graham

Some people don't understand the love I have for my dog, that's okay, my dog does. - Unknown

Everyone thinks they have the best dog. And none of them are wrong. - W.R. Purche

My idea of absolute happiness is to be in bed on a rainy day with my blankie, my cat, and my dog. - Anne Lamott

A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself. - Josh Billings

My sunshine doesn't come from the sky, it comes from the love in my dog's eyes. - Unknown

You know, a dog can snap you out of any kind of bad mood that you’re in faster than you can think of. - Jill Abramson

Dogs come into our lives to teach us about love, they depart to teach us about loss. A new dog never replaces an old dog. It merely expands the heart. - Erica Jong

No animal I know of can consistently be more of a friend and companion than a dog. - Stanley Leinwall

There’s just something about dogs that makes you feel good. You come home, they’re thrilled to see you. They’re good for the ego. - Janet Schnellman

No matter how little money and how few possessions you own, having a dog makes you feel rich. - Louis Sabin

The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.  - Andy Rooney

The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.  - Charles de Gaulle

If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went.  - Will Rogers

Dogs leave paw prints on our hearts. - Unknown

Such short little lives our pets have to spend with us, and they spend most of it watching for us to come home each day. - John Grogan

When an 85-pound mammal licks your tears away and then tries to sit on your lap, it’s hard to feel sad. - Kristan Higgins

A dog is the only thing that can mend a crack in your broken heart. - Judy Desmond

In order to really enjoy a dog, one doesn’t merely try to train him to be semi-human. The point of it is to open oneself to the possibility of becoming partly a dog. — Edward Hoagland