Handle every situation like a dog. If you can’t eat it or play with it, just pee on it and walk away. - Unknown

Ever consider what our dogs must think of us? I mean, here we come back from a grocery store with the most amazing haul, chicken, pork, half a cow. They must think we’re the greatest hunters on earth! - Anne Tyler

My cats inspire me daily. They inspire me to get a dog!  -Greg Curtis

A dog desires affection more than its dinner. Well - almost.  -Charlotte Gray

If you’re uncomfortable around my dog, I’m happy to lock you in the other room when you come over. - Unknown

A boy can learn a lot from a dog - obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down. - Robert Benchley

If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. - Fran Lebowitz

If aliens saw us walking our dogs and picking up their poop, who would they think is in charge? - Unknown

I don’t think twice about picking up my dog’s poop, but if another dog’s poop is next to it, I think, ‘Eww, dog poop!  - Jonah Goldberg

Outside of a dog, a book is a man’s best friend. Inside of a dog it’s too dark to read. - Groucho Marx

You can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you a look that says, ‘Wow, you’re right! I never would’ve thought of that!’ - Dave Barry

Dogs teach us a very important lesson in life: The mailman is not to be trusted  - Sian Ford

A well trained dog will make no attempt to share your lunch. He will just make you feel so guilty that you cannot enjoy it.  - Helen Thomson

You can trust your dog to guard your house but never trust your dog to guard your sandwich. - Unknown

I once decided not to date a guy because he wasn’t excited to meet my dog. I mean, this was like not wanting to meet my mother. - Bonnie Schacter

The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. - Andy Rooney

My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to $3.00 a can. That’s almost $21.00 in dog money. - Joe Weinstein

If your dog is fat, you aren’t getting enough exercise. - Unknown

No home decor is complete without dog hair. - Unknown

The best therapist has fur and four legs. - Unknown

Whoever said you can’t buy happiness forgot about puppies. - Unknown

Without my dog my wallet would be full my house would be clean but my heart would be empty. - Unknown

Nothing in the world is friendlier than a wet dog. - Unknown

If you want the best seat in the house, you’ll have to move the dog. - Unknown

Every snack you make, every meal you bake, every bite you take…I’ll be watching you. - Unknown

This home is filled with love and dog hair. - Unknown

Beware! Dog can’t hold its licker. - Unknown

Dogs are like potato chips. You can’t have just one. - Unknown

Life without a dog is like an unsharpened pencil. It has no point. - Unknown

What I like most about people is their dogs. - Unknown

Less people, more dogs. - Unknown

Dogs are my favorite people. - Unknown

The only person who understands me is my dog. - Unknown

I don’t who care who dies in the movie, as long as the dog lives. - Unknown

I am one dog short of crazy. - Unknown

If our dog doesn’t like you, we probably won’t either. - Unknown

Choosing a dog may be the only chance you get to pick a relative. - Unknown

Leave me alone - I’m only speaking to dogs today. - Unknown

The more people I meet, the more I love my dog. - Unknown

When I die my dog gets everything. - Unknown